readme.md, before:

# PHP Sharepoint Lists API#

The PHP SharePoint Lists API is designed to make working with SharePoint List in PHP easier and more straight forward (no need to worry about SOAP).
The current version of the class only includes methods to add, edit, remove and read from existing SharePoint lists. 

All methods will return as results.

This code is licensed under the MIT Licence and has only been tested on SharePoint 2007.

### Usage Instructions

Download the WSDL file for the Lists that you want to interact with, this can normally be obtained at:
    sharepoint.url/subsite/_vti_bin/Lists.asmx?WSDL

Include the SharePointAPI in to your project and create a new instance of it.
The script requires a user account with access to the list in order to function.

    $sp = new SharePointAPI('<username>','<password>','<path_to_WSDL>');


#### Reading from a List.

To return all items from a list use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>'); 

To return only the first 10 items from a list use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>',10); 

To return all the items from a list where surname is smith use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>',null,array('surname'=>'smith')); 

To return the first 5 items where the surname is smith and the age is 40

    $sp->read('<list_name>',5,array('surname'=>'smith','age'=>40)); 


#### Adding to a list

To add a new item to a list you can use either the method "write" or "insert" (both function identically). Creating a new record in a List with the headings forename, surname, age, phone may look like:

    $sp->write('<list_name>', array('forename'=>'Bob','surname' =>'Smith', 'age'=>40, 'phone'=>'(00000) 000000' ));


#### Editing Rows

To edit a row you need to have its ID. Assuming the above row had the ID 5, we could change Bob's name to James with:

    $sp->update('<list_name>','5', array('forename'=>'James'));


#### Deleting Rows

To remove rows an ID is also required, to remove the record for James with the ID 5 you would use:

    $sp->delete('<list_name>','5');

Commit message:

Fix bad SharePoint connection causing PHP errors. Add additional debug output on error. Add ability to change returnType (object or array) Correct spellings + better document certain features. Return null on error.

readme.md, after:

# PHP SharePoint Lists API#

The PHP SharePoint Lists API is designed to make working with SharePoint List in PHP easier and more straight forward (no need to worry about SOAP).
The current version of the class only includes methods to add, edit, remove and read from existing SharePoint lists. 

All methods will return as results.

This code is licensed under the MIT Licence and has only been tested on SharePoint 2007.

### Usage Instructions

Download the WSDL file for the Lists that you want to interact with, this can normally be obtained at:
    sharepoint.url/subsite/_vti_bin/Lists.asmx?WSDL

Include the SharePointAPI in to your project and create a new instance of it.
The script requires a user account with access to the list in order to function.

    $sp = new SharePointAPI('<username>','<password>','<path_to_WSDL>');


#### Reading from a List.

To return all items from a list use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>'); 

To return only the first 10 items from a list use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>',10); 

To return all the items from a list where surname is smith use:

    $sp->read('<list_name>',null,array('surname'=>'smith')); 

To return the first 5 items where the surname is smith and the age is 40

    $sp->read('<list_name>',5,array('surname'=>'smith','age'=>40)); 
	
By default List item's are returned in the form of an Array. If you would prefer the results to return in object form, use 

	$sp->setReturnType('object'); 
	
Before invoking the any read operations.


#### Adding to a list

To add a new item to a list you can use either the method "write" or "insert" (both function identically). Creating a new record in a List with the headings forename, surname, age, phone may look like:

    $sp->write('<list_name>', array('forename'=>'Bob','surname' =>'Smith', 'age'=>40, 'phone'=>'(00000) 000000' ));


#### Editing Rows

To edit a row you need to have its ID. Assuming the above row had the ID 5, we could change Bob's name to James with:

    $sp->update('<list_name>','5', array('forename'=>'James'));


#### Deleting Rows

To remove rows an ID is also required, to remove the record for James with the ID 5 you would use:

    $sp->delete('<list_name>','5');
